The story so far

You're a marine, one of earth's toughest, 
hardened in combat and trained for action. 
three years ago, you assaulted a superior 
officer for ordering his soldiers to fire 
upon civilians. he and his body cast were 
shipped to pearl harbor, while you were 
transferred to mars, home of the union 
aerospace corporation.
^
The uac is a multi-planetary conglomerate 
with radioactive waste facilities on mars 
and its two moons, phobos and deimos. with 
no action for fifty million miles, your 
day consisted of suckin' dust and watchin' 
restricted flicks in the rec room.
^
For the last four years the military, 
uac's biggest supplier, has used the 
remote facilities on phobos and deimos to 
conduct various secret projects, including 
research on inter-dimensional space 
travel. so far they have been able to open 
gateways between phobos and deimos, 
throwing a few gadgets into one and 
watching them come out the other. recently 
however, the gateways have grown 
dangerously unstable.
^
Military "volunteers" entering them have 
either disappeared or been stricken with a 
strange form of insanity--babbling 
vulgarities, bludgeoning anything that 
breathes, and finally suffering an 
untimely death of full-body explosion. 
matching heads with torsos to send home to 
the folks became a full-time job. latest 
military reports state that the research 
is suffering a small set-back, but 
everything is under control.
^
A few hours ago, mars received a garbled 
message from phobos. "we require immediate 
military support. something fraggin' evil 
is coming out of the gateways! computer 
systems have gone berserk!" the rest was 
incoherent. soon afterwards, deimos simply 
vanished from the sky. since then, 
attempts to establish contact with either 
moon have been unsuccessful.
^
You and your buddies, the only combat 
troop for fifty million miles were sent up 
pronto to phobos. you were ordered to 
secure the perimeter of the base while the 
rest of the team went inside. for several 
hours, your radio picked up the sounds of 
combat: guns firing, men yelling orders, 
screams, bones cracking, then finally, 
silence. seems your buddies are dead.
^
It's up to you

Things aren't looking too good. you'll 
never navigate off the planet on your own. 
plus, all the heavy weapons have been 
taken by the assault team leaving you with 
only a pistol. if only you could get your 
hands around a plasma rifle or even a 
shotgun you could take a few down on your 
way out. whatever killed your buddies 
deserves a couple of pellets in the 
forehead.
^
Securing your helmet, you exit the landing 
pod. hopefully you can find more 
substantial firepower somewhere within the 
station.

As you walk through the main entrance of 
the base, you hear animal-like growls 
echoing throughout the distant corridors. 
they know you're here. there's no turning 
back now.